	
	
Online Judge	Problem Set	Authors	Online Contests	User
Web Board
Home Page
F.A.Qs
Statistical Charts	
Problems
Submit Problem
Online Status
Prob.ID:
	
Register
Update your info
Authors ranklist
	Current Contest
Past Contests
Scheduled Contests
Award Contest	ycjxli      Log Out
Mail:0(0)
Login Log      Archive
Language:
World Cup Noise
Time Limit: 1000MS		Memory Limit: 30000K
Total Submissions: 14343		Accepted: 7095

Description
Background
"KO-RE-A, KO-RE-A" shout 54.000 happy football fans after their team has reached the semifinals of the FIFA World Cup in their home country. But although their excitement is real, the Korean people are still very organized by nature. For example, they have organized huge trumpets (that sound like blowing a ship's horn) to support their team playing on the field. The fans want to keep the level of noise constant throughout the match.
The trumpets are operated by compressed gas. However, if you blow the trumpet for 2 seconds without stopping it will break. So when the trumpet makes noise, everything is okay, but in a pause of the trumpet,the fans must chant "KO-RE-A"!
Before the match, a group of fans gathers and decides on a chanting pattern. The pattern is a sequence of 0's and 1's which is interpreted in the following way: If the pattern shows a 1, the trumpet is blown. If it shows a 0, the fans chant "KO-RE-A". To ensure that the trumpet will not break, the pattern is not allowed to have two consecutive 1's in it.
Problem
Given a positive integer n, determine the number of different chanting patterns of this length, i.e., determine the number of n-bit sequences that contain no adjacent 1's. For example, for n = 3 the answer is 5 (sequences 000, 001, 010, 100, 101 are acceptable while 011, 110, 111 are not).

Input
The first line contains the number of scenarios.
For each scenario, you are given a single positive integer less than 45 on a line by itself.

Output
The output for every scenario begins with a line containing "Scenario #i:", where i is the number of the scenario starting at 1. Then print a single line containing the number of n-bit sequences which have no adjacent 1's. Terminate the output for the scenario with a blank line.

Sample Input

2
3
1

Sample Output

Scenario #1:
5

Scenario #2:
2

Source
TUD Programming Contest 2002, Darmstadt, Germany

[Submit]   [Go Back]   [Status]   [Discuss]

Home Page   Go Back  To top

All Rights Reserved 2003-2013 Ying Fuchen,Xu Pengcheng,Xie Di
Any problem, Please Contact Administrator

