	
	
Online Judge	Problem Set	Authors	Online Contests	User
Web Board
Home Page
F.A.Qs
Statistical Charts	
Problems
Submit Problem
Online Status
Prob.ID:
	
Register
Update your info
Authors ranklist
	Current Contest
Past Contests
Scheduled Contests
Award Contest	
User ID:	
Password:	
  Register
Language:
Tiling Up Blocks
Time Limit: 1000MS		Memory Limit: 10000K
Total Submissions: 4665		Accepted: 1820

Description
Michael The Kid receives an interesting game set from his grandparent as his birthday gift. Inside the game set box, there are n tiling blocks and each block has a form as follows:

Each tiling block is associated with two parameters (l,m), meaning that the upper face of the block is packed with l protruding knobs on the left and m protruding knobs on the middle. Correspondingly, the bottom face of an (l,m)-block is carved with l caving dens on the left and m dens on the middle.
It is easily seen that an (l,m)-block can be tiled upon another (l,m)-block. However,this is not the only way for us to tile up the blocks. Actually, an (l,m)-block can be tiled upon another (l',m')-block if and only if l >= l' and m >= m'.
Now the puzzle that Michael wants to solve is to decide what is the tallest tiling blocks he can make out of the given n blocks within his game box. In other words, you are given a collection of n blocks B = {b1, b2, . . . , bn} and each block bi is associated with two parameters (li,mi). The objective of the problem is to decide the number of tallest tiling blocks made from B.

Input
Several sets of tiling blocks. The inputs are just a list of integers.For each set of tiling blocks, the first integer n represents the number of blocks within the game box. Following n, there will be n lines specifying parameters of blocks in B; each line contains exactly two integers, representing left and middle parameters of the i-th block, namely, li and mi. In other words, a game box is just a collection of n blocks B = {b1, b2, . . . , bn} and each block bi is associated with two parameters (li,mi).
Note that n can be as large as 10000 and li and mi are in the range from 1 to 100.
An integer n = 0 (zero) signifies the end of input.

Output
For each set of tiling blocks B, output the number of the tallest tiling blocks can be made out of B. Output a single star '*' to signify the end of
outputs.

Sample Input

3
3 2
1 1
2 3
5
4 2
2 4
3 3
1 1
5 5
0

Sample Output

2
3
*

Source
Asia Kaohsiung 2003

[Submit]   [Go Back]   [Status]   [Discuss]

Home Page   Go Back  To top

All Rights Reserved 2003-2013 Ying Fuchen,Xu Pengcheng,Xie Di
Any problem, Please Contact Administrator

