	
	
Online Judge	Problem Set	Authors	Online Contests	User
Web Board
Home Page
F.A.Qs
Statistical Charts	
Problems
Submit Problem
Online Status
Prob.ID:
	
Register
Update your info
Authors ranklist
	Current Contest
Past Contests
Scheduled Contests
Award Contest	
User ID:	
Password:	
  Register
Language:
Election
Time Limit: 1000MS		Memory Limit: 65536K
Total Submissions: 3585		Accepted: 1705

Description
Canada has a multi-party system of government. Each candidate is generally associated with a party, and the party whose candidates win the most ridings generally forms the government. Some candidates run as independents, meaning they are not associated with any party. Your job is to count the votes for a particular riding and to determine the party with which the winning candidate is associated.

Input
The first line of input contains a positive integer n satisfying 2 <= n <= 20, the number of candidates in the riding. n pairs of lines follow: the first line in each pair is the name of the candidate, up to 80 characters; the second line is the name of the party, up to 80 characters, or the word "independent" if the candidate has no party. No candidate name is repeated and no party name is repeated in the input. No lines contain leading or trailing blanks.
The next line contains a positive integer m <= 10000, and is followed by m lines each indicating the name of a candidate for which a ballot is cast. Any names not in the list of candidates should be ignored.

Output
Output consists of a single line containing one of:

    The name of the party with whom the winning candidate is associated, if there is a winning candidate and that candidate is associated with a party.
    The word "independent" if there is a winning candidate and that candidate is not associated with a party.
    The word "tie" if there is no winner; that is, if no candidate receives more votes than every other candidate. 

Sample Input

3
Marilyn Manson
Rhinoceros
Jane Doe
Family Coalition
John Smith
independent
6
John Smith
Marilyn Manson
Marilyn Manson
Jane Doe
John Smith
Marilyn Manson

Sample Output

Rhinoceros

Source
Waterloo local 1999.06.19

[Submit]   [Go Back]   [Status]   [Discuss]

Home Page   Go Back  To top

All Rights Reserved 2003-2013 Ying Fuchen,Xu Pengcheng,Xie Di
Any problem, Please Contact Administrator

