	
	
Online Judge	Problem Set	Authors	Online Contests	User
Web Board
Home Page
F.A.Qs
Statistical Charts	
Problems
Submit Problem
Online Status
Prob.ID:
	
Register
Update your info
Authors ranklist
	Current Contest
Past Contests
Scheduled Contests
Award Contest	
User ID:	
Password:	
  Register
Language:
Zipper
Time Limit: 1000MS		Memory Limit: 65536K
Total Submissions: 14692		Accepted: 5215

Description
Given three strings, you are to determine whether the third string can be formed by combining the characters in the first two strings. The first two strings can be mixed arbitrarily, but each must stay in its original order.

For example, consider forming "tcraete" from "cat" and "tree":

String A: cat
String B: tree
String C: tcraete

As you can see, we can form the third string by alternating characters from the two strings. As a second example, consider forming "catrtee" from "cat" and "tree":

String A: cat
String B: tree
String C: catrtee

Finally, notice that it is impossible to form "cttaree" from "cat" and "tree".

Input
The first line of input contains a single positive integer from 1 through 1000. It represents the number of data sets to follow. The processing for each data set is identical. The data sets appear on the following lines, one data set per line.

For each data set, the line of input consists of three strings, separated by a single space. All strings are composed of upper and lower case letters only. The length of the third string is always the sum of the lengths of the first two strings. The first two strings will have lengths between 1 and 200 characters, inclusive.

Output
For each data set, print:

Data set n: yes

if the third string can be formed from the first two, or

Data set n: no

if it cannot. Of course n should be replaced by the data set number. See the sample output below for an example.

Sample Input

3
cat tree tcraete
cat tree catrtee
cat tree cttaree

Sample Output

Data set 1: yes
Data set 2: yes
Data set 3: no

Source
Pacific Northwest 2004

[Submit]   [Go Back]   [Status]   [Discuss]

Home Page   Go Back  To top

All Rights Reserved 2003-2013 Ying Fuchen,Xu Pengcheng,Xie Di
Any problem, Please Contact Administrator

