	
	
Online Judge	Problem Set	Authors	Online Contests	User
Web Board
Home Page
F.A.Qs
Statistical Charts	
Problems
Submit Problem
Online Status
Prob.ID:
	
Register
Update your info
Authors ranklist
	Current Contest
Past Contests
Scheduled Contests
Award Contest	
User ID:	
Password:	
  Register
欢迎选修北京大学 《ACM/ICPC竞赛训练》 暑期课程！和北大ACM队员一起互相交流，学习！
Language:
Chocolate
Time Limit: 2000MS		Memory Limit: 65536K
Total Submissions: 7624		Accepted: 1998		Special Judge

Description
In 2100, ACM chocolate will be one of the favorite foods in the world.

"Green, orange, brown, red...", colorful sugar-coated shell maybe is the most attractive feature of ACM chocolate. How many colors have you ever seen? Nowadays, it's said that the ACM chooses from a palette of twenty-four colors to paint their delicious candy bits.

One day, Sandy played a game on a big package of ACM chocolates which contains five colors (green, orange, brown, red and yellow). Each time he took one chocolate from the package and placed it on the table. If there were two chocolates of the same color on the table, he ate both of them. He found a quite interesting thing that in most of the time there were always 2 or 3 chocolates on the table.

Now, here comes the problem, if there are C colors of ACM chocolates in the package (colors are distributed evenly), after N chocolates are taken from the package, what's the probability that there is exactly M chocolates on the table? Would you please write a program to figure it out?

Input
The input file for this problem contains several test cases, one per line.

For each case, there are three non-negative integers: C (C <= 100), N and M (N, M <= 1000000).

The input is terminated by a line containing a single zero.

Output
The output should be one real number per line, shows the probability for each case, round to three decimal places.

Sample Input

5 100 2

0

Sample Output

0.625 

Source
Beijing 2002

[Submit]   [Go Back]   [Status]   [Discuss]

Home Page   Go Back  To top

All Rights Reserved 2003-2013 Ying Fuchen,Xu Pengcheng,Xie Di
Any problem, Please Contact Administrator

